Questions //	Answers
Which of the following is not a prerequisite for the military technology cartography?	 Ballistics
Which of thease Avatar Frames can be obtained from the Ceroli Crisis Event?	 Undersea Kingdom
Which astronomer proposed the heliocentric theory in the 16th century?	Nicolaus Copernicus
The flag of which country holds the world record of being the oldest continuously used national flag?	Denmark
Which gas makes up more than 90% of Mars' atmosphere?	Carbon Dioxide
Which of the following is NOT one of Lohar's skills?	Utter Annihilation
Which of the following is not King Skill?	Relief
Who made the idea "Troy"?	Odysseus
Which of the following is another name for the "Black Death" that raged across the Europe during the Late Middle Ages?	Yersinia pestis
Which of the following juice is contained in the classic cocktail "Bloody Mary"?	Tomato Juice
In which city is Denmark's statue of The Little Mermaid located?	Copenhagen
What is China's earliest known book of military strategy?	Sun Tzu's "The Art of War"
In Greek mythology, what was the name of Hades' 3-headed dog which guarded the gates of the Underworld	Cerberus
Founder of Edo Bakufu	Tokugawa Ieyasu
Official measure Martin Luther	Edict of Worms
Which was a lighthouse built after Macedonia conquered Egypt and waste of the seven wonders of the ancient world?	The Lighthouse of Alexandria
Who was the last emperor of All Russia?	Nicholas II
Whose beauty is said to have been the cause of the Trojan War?	Helen
Northern Humanists like Erasmus were most commonly known for what?	Interest in religion and social form
Which German psychologist discovered the human brain's forgetting curve?	Hermann Ebbinghaus
What is the conversion ratio of amperes (A) to milliamperes (mA)?	1/1000
Which of the following did Desiderius Erasmus and Thomas More have in common?	Both were considered humanists
Who first implemented the Julian Calendar in Rome?	Julius Caesar
Which of the following is the world's largest island?	Greenland
Which commander signed a peace treaty with Saladin in 1192?	Richard I
Who was the first human woman created by Hephaestus in Greek mythology?	Pandora
Which commander was in charge of capturing Constantinople at the age of 21?	Mehmed II
Which of the following fruits, known as "wolf peach", were erroneously thought to be poisonous?	Tomatoes
Which of the following was also known as the Eastern Roman Empire?	Byzantine Empire
Which of the following French Kings was known as the Sun King?	Louis XIV
Which inventor built the world’s first electric locomotive in 1837?	Robert Davidson
Which type of holy sites grant troop attack bonuses?	Flame Altar
Which of the following can NOT be found in Alliance Shops?	Golden Key
What is Belisarius' nickname?	Last of the Romans
Which European country's king funded Christopher Columbus' famous expedition?	Spain
From the 17th to 19th centuries, the Kingdom of Prussia was mostly in which modern country	Germany
Which mammalian order does Suidae belong to?	Artiodactyla
Who was believed to be the prototype of king of hearts in poker?	Charlemagne
What did Spartacus do as a slave before leading the biggest slave rebellion of Ancient Rome?	A gladiator
Who proposed the philosophical idea of "I think, therefore I am"?	Descartes
Which of the following marine species has existed the longest?	Nautilus
Which country gave the Statue of Liberty ti American people as a gift?	France
Which of the following physicists was born on the death anniversary of Galileo Galilei, and died on the birth anniversary of Albert Einstein?	Stephen Hawking
Who was called "Napoleon of crime" in some of the Sherlock Holmes stories?	Professor Moriarty
Which building was originally built in London to house the Great Exhibition of the Works Industry of All Nations held in 1851?	The Crystal Palace
Which of the following was built at the order of Shah Jahan in the memory of his wife Mumtaz Mahal?	Taj Mhal
how many times is the character 1 used when you write from numbers 1 to number 99?	20
In which country did the Carlist Wars take place during the 19th century?	Spain
Which war was fought between the Bristish houses of Lancaster and York for the throne of England?	The Wars of the Roses
Insufficient intake of which element may case thyromegaly?	Iodine
Official measure Martin Luther	Diet of Worms
Which French monarch was known as Saint Louis?	Louis IX
Which country in Asia overlaps with the former Parthian empire?	Iran
What is the softest material known to mankind?	Talc
Which of the following was a Knight of the Round Table?	Lancelot
The three kingdoms of Korea where Baekje, Silla, and?	Goguryeo
Which of the following is a nonrenewable energy source (such as coal, oil, or natural gas)?	Fossil Fuel
Which of the following is an alternative energy source based on splitting heavy atoms into lighter ones to release energy?	Nuclear energy
Which war ended the rule of the House of Plantagenet and began the rule of the Tudors in England?	The Wars of the Roses
Which commander is named death hydromel?	Sarka
Which of these is not a natural resource?	Clothing
The Punic Wars were fought by Ancient Rome and what other Ancient Empire?	Ancient Carthage
Who was the last female Pharaoh of the Ptolemy Dynasty?	Cleopatra VII
Raphael is best known for his creation of which of the following?	School of Athens
How many phases are there in The Mightiest Governor event?	5
Which commander is known as Kamakura's warlord?	Minamoto no Yoshitsune
Which of these is used to rally alliance troops?	Castle
What is the highest level a City Hall can reach in Rise of Kingdoms?	25
Which country started the tradition of the 8-hour workday?	United Kingdom
Which of the following was NOT invented in China?	Seismographs
Which country is not in Europe?	Egypt
Which of the following commanders excels at attacking enemy cities?	Caesar
While Gutenberg introduced the printing press in Europe, his invention was influenced by which country, the first to develop a moveable type?	China
The four major varieties of Guzheng in Ancient China were the Haozhong, Luqi, Jiaowei, and the...?	Raoliang
Which of the following is NOT one of El Cid's skills?	Chivalry
With whom did Minamoto no Yoshitsune raise an army to fight Taira no Kiyomori?	Minamoto no Yoritomo
What color is a polar bears skin?	Black
Egyptians made paper from which material?	Papyrus
The differences among a species, like different bird beaks, are called	Variations
What is the length of a marathon in kilometers?	42.2 Km
Which part of the brain will alcohol affect?	The Cerebellum
What is the troop health bonus you can get from a fully upgraded Hospital?	1%
What are the Books of Covenant used for?	Upgrading Castle
How many Elite Commanders are there in the game?	5
The three great philosophers of ancient Greece were Plato, Aristotle, and?	Socrates.
Which of the following can not be found in a Silver Chest at the tavern?	Lvl. 3 Tome of knowledge
Which unit type is strong against Archers?	Cavalry
Which unit type is strong against Cavalry?	Infantry
Who is the commander considered an enemy of Rome since childhood?	Hannibal Barca
Which of these commanders was able to defeat the great Charles in the battle?	
Who painted The Last Supper?	Leonardo Da Vinci
Ancient Egyptian history spans how many kingdoms?	3 - Old, Middle, New
Who is the King of the Kingdom?	Leader of the alliance that conquers the lost temple
Which of the following is not a characteristic of renaissance art?	Flat/Two-dimensional
Which famous and influential family did the famous Renaissance art patron Duke Lorenzo belong to?	Medici
Wealthy family in Florence	Medicis
Which of the following was not a pillar of the Renaissance?	Mannerism
Which of the following was a Renaissance intellectual movement in which thinkers studied classical texts and focused on human potential and achievements?	Humanism
Which period of European history, lasting from 1300 to 1600, saw renewed interest in classical culture and led to far-reaching changes in art, learning, and views of the world?	Renaissance
Without using buffs, how many action points can a governor have?	1,000
Which unit strong against infantry?	Archer
hich of the following commanders excels at leading Calvary?	Minamoto no Yoshitsune
Which of the following does not award Individual Credits?	Giving resources to allies.
Which Portuguese explorer sailed from the Cape of Good Hope to India?	Vasco de Gama
Why do frogs and other organisms produce so many eggs/offspring?	the more offspring produced the more likely they will survive
What are Arrows of Resistance used for?	Upgrading Watch Tower
Renaissance painters in Flanders, as in Italy, tended to produce what type of artwork?	Realistic
What provided the major economic support for the renaissance?	Wealthy Patrons
Why are advantageous traits more likely to be passed onto offspring?	because they are more likely to survive and produce...
After its foundation in the 6th century BCE, which institution of the Roman Republic served as a consultative parliament?	The Senate
What is the name for electricity produced by water power using large dams in a river?	Hydroelectric power
The process of splitting atoms is known as	Fission
Santa Claus travels on a sleigh pulled by what animal?	Reindeer
Which war was fought between British houses of Lancaster and York for the throne of England?	The Wars of the Roses
Which of these was the only commander to defeat Cyrus the great in battle?	Tomyris
Which of the following commanders joined a rebellion against her own husband?	Constance
Which commander is nicknamed the Roaring Barbarian?	Lohar
Which of the following resources cannot be found in your jeans?	Lead
Which commander was paired with Minamoto?	Tomoe Gozen
Which of the following was a general during Japan's Genpei War?	Tomoe Gozen
In Greek mythology, to whom did Paris the prince of troy give golden apple inscribed with to the most beautiful goddess?	Aphrodite
Of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals, which comes first?	Rat / Mouse
Which Civilization was the first to have public toilets?	Ancient Rome
Which of the following is a fossil fuel formed from marine organisms that is often found in folded or tilted layers and used for heating and cooking?	Natural Gas
From the 8th to the 11th century CE, what did Europeans frequently call the Scandinavian invaders who frequently ravaged their lands?	Vikings
Which of the following is an inexhaustible energy resource that relies on hot magma or hot dry rocks below ground?	Geo
Which of the following is considered an energy source?	Petroleum
The Renaissance was a "Rebirth" of	Classical Culture
Advantages of Johannes Gutenberg's printing press include all of the following except	Increase in church power
	
	
Who invented the printing press?	Johann Gutenberg
Who founded the Kingdom of Asturias?	Pelagius
Which of the following does NOT give commanders EXP?	Attacking other players
Raphael is best known for?	School of Athens
Which of the following is a Phase of the Mightiest Governor?	Enemy Elimination
Which of these two were created by Leonardo da Vinci?	The Last Supper, Mona Lisa
Which war was fought between the British?	War of Roses
Which commander is nicknamed Carthage's Guardian?	Hannibal Barca
What two major works are attributed to homer?	The Odyssey and the Iliad
Which of the following is not an objective of Greek mythology?	Provide a path for salvation
Which commander is nicknamed the Father of Conquest?	Baibars
Where do most hurricanes start?	On the Open Seas
Which commander is known as the Lady of the Mercians?	Æthelflæd
Which landmark in Sydney, Australia is shaped like sails?	Sydney Opera House
Egypt's economy was primarily based on what?	Agriculture
Which planet in our solar system rotates the fastest?	Jupiter
Which of the following commanders was part of the Battle of Red Cliffs?	Cao Cao
What is Julius Caesar's nickname?	Uncrowned king
How many fingers does the cartoon character mickey mouse have on each hand?	4
Which Portuguese explorer was the first European to sail to the southern tip of Africa?	Bartolomeu Dias
In which country was air conditioning invented?	USA
The two capitals of Austria - Hungary were Budapest and?	Vienna
In Greek Mythology, what is the relationship between Zeus and Hermes?	Father and son
In Greek mythology, which hero requested for the Golden Fleece?	Jason
"The end justifies the means" was a key belief of the author of "The Prince". What was his name?	Machiavelli
Where did the renaissance begin?	Italy
Who painted the Mona Lisa?	Leonardo da Vinci
Movable type was first used in which country?	China
The “Windsor knot” was made popular by which king of England?	Edward VIII
Which ancient Greek scholar laid the foundations for future European mathematics and authored the "Elements" of geometry?	Euclid
Who was the only king of England to be executed?	Charles I
What four words saying did Oda Nobunaga live by?	Rule With Absolute Force
Which of the following is not a reason why the renaissance began in Italy?	The black plague did not hit Italy as a result of the alps
Which of the following is not an objective of Greek mythology?	Provide path of salvation
Under normal circumstances, which layer of the sun can we see with the naked eye?	Photosphere
Which commander is known as Barbarossa?	Frederick I
Which of the following does the green Olympic Ring represent?	Oceania
Which Ancient Greek physicist famously discovered the concept of buoyancy while taking a bath?	Archimedes
How do you get Alliance Technology credits?	By donating to the Alliance
Egypt’s economy was primarily based on?	Agriculture
In Greek mythology, what was Achilles' only weak point?	His heel
Mutations are a change in what?	DNA
Which honorary rank was the founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) given?	Colonel
Which city-state of Ancient Greece was known for its Brutal military training and bravery?	Sparta
Wales officially became part of the Kingdom of Great Britain during the reign of which King?	King Henry VIII
Queen Victoria of England was part of which royal house?	The house of Hanover
Which of the seven wonders of the world were created to cure the new Queen of Babylon's homesickness?	The Hanging Gardens
	
	
Which of the following is a nonrenewable energy source?	Water
Which commander was considered an enemy of Rome from an early age?	Hannibal Barca
Which art group is known as a "National Treasure" of Canada?	Cirque du Soleil
Which Roman Emperor was named Augustus after ending a civil war?	Gaius Octavius
In Norse mythology, who wielded the weapon Gungnir?	Odin
Northern Humanists Like Erasmus were most Commonly Known for what?	The Religions
During the Renaissance, why was Florence significant?	Birthplace of the Renaissance
Which of the following describes a monotheist?	Someone who warships 1 god.
To whom did India give title mahatma?	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
How many action points can a governor have?	1000
Which of the following is a name for sedimentary rock formed from decayed plant materiel in swampy areas?	Coal
Ashoka the Great was the king of which Ancient Indian kingdom?	Maurya
On which continent is the human race generally thought to have originated?	Africa
What is the name of the renewable energy derived from burning organic materials such as wood and alcohol?	Biomass energy
Where did King Louis XIV of France move the royal Court to in 1682?	Palace of Versailles
Who was the Emperor of the First French Empire?	Napoleon Bonaparte
Which of the following commanders excels at leading archers?	Yi Seong-Gye
Who founded the joseon dynasty?	Yi Seong-Gye
First general of the Edo shogunate?	Tokugawa Ieyasu
What is the center of a hurricane called?	Eye
Which prominent statesman served as the first general of the Edo shogunate at the end of Japan's Warring States period?	Tokugawa Ieyasu
In Ark of Osiris, where are you supposed to take the Ark?	Escort the Ark to a non-enemy building
Which group conquered the Byzantine Empire?	The Ottomans
Where was the rallying point for the First Crusade?	Constantinople
Which of the following is a term for a valuable material of geologic origin that can be extracted from the earth	Natural Resources
Which city hosted the 2000 Summer Olympics?	Sydney
Which of the following is a liquid fossil fuel formed from marine organisms that is burned to obtain energy and used to manufacture plastics?	Oil
Who killed Hector and how Achilles die?	Achilles; Arrow though his heel
First created in Ancient Greece, to which profession does Hippocratic oath apply?	Doctors
Who instituted the Julian Calendar?	Julius Caesar
Who owned everything in ancient Egyptian Kingdoms?	Pharaoh
Which part of the human body contains mostly water?	Eyeballs
Before leading the biggest slave rebellion of Ancient Rome, what was Spartacus?	Gladiator
What is the champion Keira's nickname?	The Red Chameleon
Ashoka the great was the king of which ancient kingdom?	Maurya Dynasty
Which artist designed St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican?	Michelangelo
Who was praised by his countryman as ancient Greece's best and most honest democratic representatives?	Pericles
What is the name of the revolution in 1688 which established the British constitutional monarchy?	Glorious Revolution
Which part of the brain will alcohol affect?	Cerebellum
Who was the emperor of the first French Empire?	Napoleon Bonaparte
The process Of combining atoms is known as what?	Fusion
Which of the following is NOT one of Pelagius passive skills?	Charge
Which Prominent statesman served as the first general of the Edo Shogunate at the end of Japan's warring states period?	Tokugawa Ieyasu
Which was the only ancient civilization to develop in a tropical jungle rather than a river basin?	The Incas
Lost City	The Incas
Which ethnic group founded the earliest civilization of Mesopotamia?	The Sumerians
The cone-shaped winds of tornadoes are notable for doing what?	Spinning
Who commanded the New Model Army founded by Parliament during the English Civil War?	Cromwell
Who is considered the "Father of Modern Olympic Games"?	Pierre de Coubertin
When is the declaration of independence?	1776
Who was the first Emperor of Rome?	Gaius Octavius Augustus
Unit type strong against Infantry?	Archer
Where did king Louis XIV of France move to royal court to in 1682?	Palace of Versailles
Which beverage was invented by American pharmacist John Pemberton?	Cola
Which of the following commander excels at gathering resources?	Cleopatra VII
The more genetic variation a population has, the more likely it is that some individual will what?	Survive
Which of the following commanders excels at leading infantry?	Richard I
Which of the following was an enemy of Richard the Lionheart?	Saladin
In Greek mythlogy, which hero quested for the golden fleece?	Jason
Which landmark in Sydney, Australia is shaped like sails?	Opera House
Where do adaptations come from?	Both mutations and Genetic recombination.
Where did Genghis Khan start building his Mongolian Empire?	Asia
Who was the founder of the Mongolian Empire?	Genghis Khan
what is the name for the phenomenon by which organisms that are better adapted to the environment survive to pass traits to their offspring?	Natural Selection
Which of the following commanders was part of the hundred years war?	Joan of Arc
Which commander was nicknamed mead of death?	Sarka
What is a monotheist?	Only believe in one god.
What discovery made the deciphering of hieroglyphics possible ?	Rosetta stone.
Eyeglasses are composed of quartz, sand, and what?	Petroleum
When Achilles refuses to fight, Patroclus puts on Achilles armor, fights the trojans, and dies, who is Patroclus killed by?	Hector
In which year did Richard and Saladin sign a truce?	1192
Mutations are important because they bring about what?	Genetic Variation needed for a population to evolve
In Ark of Osiris which speedup can be used?	Healing Speed Up
How did Saladin change the Middle East?	Palestine
When was the Declaration of Independence written?	1776
The Mughal Empire carried Islam to where?	Most of India
Which musical instrument has six strings?	Guitar
The four biggest musicals in the world are Cats, Les Miserables, Miss Saigon, and?	The Phantom of the Opera
France and Germany were both once part of what feudal Kingdom?	Francia
In Russian history, what nickname was the first Tzar given for their tyranny?	Ivan the Terrible
Which of the following is considered a metallic resource?	Iron
Which commander is known as the Conqueror of Chaos?	Cao Cao
Which of the Babylonian Codes of Law was the first full set of written laws in recorded history?	The Code of Hammurabi
Which European wrote the first travelogue detailing China's history, culture, and art?	Marco Polo
China's crosstalk sketch comedy format originates in three places: Tianqiao in Beijing, the Quanty Bazaar in Tianjin and where in Nanjing?	Fuzimiao
Homer's 'The Iliad' focuses on events happening during which war or battle?	The Trojan War
Which of the following is not part of Mexico's flag.?	Camel
Which commander was known as the Celtic Rose?	Boudica
Which type of natural disaster is measured using the Richter scale?	Earthquake
Which is recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records as having the largest cumulative circulation of any single-author comic?	Eiichiro Oda / One Piece
In Ancient Greece, which philosopher liked to discuss ideas on a street which then got the nickname Peripatetic School?	Aristotle
Galileo's Leaning Tower of Pisa experiment overturned a theory of which Ancient Greek scientists?	Aristotle
Which commander showed their military genius in the Battle of Poitiers in the 8th century AD?	Charles Martel
Which commander showed their military genius in the Battle of Tours in the 8th century AD?	Charles Martel
Where did the soldiers of Ancient Rome get their weapons and armor?	Themselves
Who wrote the Art of War?	Sun Tzu
During the Trojan War, which Greek warrior killed Hector?	Achilles
Which of the following is Zeus' elder brother in Geek Mythology?	Poseidon
Which of the following serves as the national flower of the Philippines?	Sampaguita
What is the name for electricity produced by water using large dams in a river?	Hydroelectric energy
Whose autobiography "Living to Tell the Tale" won them the Nobel Prize in Literature?	Gabriel García Márquez
Which official measure made it a crime to give Martin Luther food or shelter?	Edict of Worms
Which ancient civilization built the "Lost City" of Machu Picchu?	The Incas
Which of these cities hosted the Olympics in 1900?	Paris
The Taj Mahal was built during which Indian Dynasty?	The Mughal Dynasty
Which emperor issued the Proclamation of Milan?	Constantine I
Which of the following achievements must be completed before the "Special Snowflake" achievement?	Long-range strike
What is Commander Lancelot good at?	Leading cavalry units
What is Commander Baybars good at?	Leading cavalry units
What is Commander Hermann good at?	Leading Archers
When a governor's city hall reaches level 25, how many farms can they build?	4
What is commander Keira good at?	Leading archers
What is commander Osman I good at?	Attacking Cities
Which buff can be acquired from occupying a Sanctum of Courage?	Increase EXP gained by commanders
What is the Commander Hannibal Barca good at?	Attacking cities
Who came up with the Trojan horse idea?	Odysseus
Who won the Trojan war?	The Greeks
old part empire now on which asian country lands	Iran
What is Commander Eulji Mundeok good at?	Leading infantry units
What causes lunar eclipses?	The earth moves directly between the sun and the moon
During the Second Punic War, in which battle did a vastly outnumbered Hannibal defeat a Roman army?	The Battle of Cannae
"The end justifies the means" was a key belief of the author of "The Prince". What was his name?	Machiavelli
One "day" on the planet Venus is approximately equal to how many earth days?	243 days
Which of the following nations is the closest to the North Pole?	Finland
Which of the following is NOT one of the major greenhouse gases in earth's atmosphere?	Nitrogen
What was another usage of gin, aside from being a popular drink, in the 18th century?	Medicine
When catching and releasing deep sea fish,why is it important to pierce their swim bladder?	To prevent them from dying of distended swim bladders
Which of the following factors allows certain mixed drinks to be layered?	Density
Which of the following cat breeds is known for being hairless?	Sphynx
When is the International Day of Forests?	March 21
When is the World No Tobacco Day?	May 31
When did dinosaurs first exist?	Triassic
Which nation was NOT involved in the Battle of Waterloo?	Italy
What is commander Sun Tzu good at?	Leading city garrisons.
The air often feels fresher after a thunderstorm because it has been enriched with which gas?	Ozone
The great Asoka, which was the king of the ancient Indian kingdom	Maurya
Who came up with the Trojan Horse idea? Who won the Trojan War?	Odysseus; The Greeks
Which one of the following is not one of Hermann's skills?	Irresistible
Keira once defied the world's expectations about her in a glorious battle. Where did this battle take place?	Sunset Canyon
China's Temple of Heaven was built during the reign of which emperor?	The Yongle Emperor (Zhu Di)
Which of the following is NOT one of Keira's skills?	Unruly Blood
The kingdom title 'Queen' increases which of the following?	Gathering Speed
How many bones does an adult human have?	206
Who funded Christopher Colombus's travels?	Spain
Who was the first of Henry VIII's children to rule England?	Edward VI
Henry I took the throne of Englnd in the year 1100 after which relative died?	His Brother
What causes the distinctive smell in the air after it rains?	The influence of actinomycetes
Of the following nations, which has the smallest area?	Vatican City
What is the hardest part of the human body?	Tooth Enamel
In most cases, what kind of mosquitoes will drink animal blood?	Female mosquitos
Which historical figure is entombed in Palenque's Temple of the Inscriptions?	Pakal the Great
Where did King John of England agree to the Magna Carta in 1215?	Runnymede
Which of the following is an accurate description of the Mediterranean climate?	Hot, dry summers and cool, wet winters.
Which of the following is NOT one of Osman I's skills?	Oblique Tactics
Which of the following is NOT one of Belisarius' skills?	Thunderous Force
Which of the following kingdom title descriptions are INCORRECT?	Prime minister has increased troop attack.
In the Commander View page, what buff do commanders acting as a "drillmaster" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "Ranger" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "Tax Officer" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "Iron Guard" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "Supply Captain" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "Charge Captain" get?	#ERROR!
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a "King Head" get?	#ERROR!
Where was commander Lohar born?	In a remote barbarian tribe.
Of the below commanders, which is best suited to lead troops against infantry enemies?	Hermann
which of the following was praised by his countrymen as Ancient Greece's best and most honest democratic representative?	Pericles
Of the below commanders, which is best suited to lead troops AGAINST archer enemies?	Cao Cao
Of the below commanders, which is best suited to lead troops AGAINST cavalry enemies?	Sun Tzu
Of the below commanders, which is best suited to lead troops when gathering resources?	Seondeok
In which country is the mysterious Stonehenge located?	United Kingdom
In China's Han Dynasty, who opened the Silk Road on the orders of Emperor Wu?	Zhang Qian
Why was scurvy once a common problem for sailors?	A lack of fresh fruit and vegetable on long voyages
Why does drinking coffee make people feel more awake?	It contains caffeine
Which of the following illnesses can be caused by a lack of vitamin D?	Rickets
Which of the following commanders excels at leading cavalry?	Minamoto no Yoshitsune
In which year did Richard the Lionheart and Saladin sign a truce?	1192
Which is NOT a King Skill?	Relief
What outstanding contribution to science won biologist Karl Landsteiner the Nobel Prize?	Discovering the human blood groups
In most cases, which kind of lion has a mane?	Adult male
What is the location of the mysterious stoneage?	Germany
What was the relationship between the famed generals Tolui and Genghis Khan?	Father and son
Which of the following vitamins is most helpful for maintaining good vision?	Vitamin A
Which of the following kingdom title descriptions are INCORRECT?	Dukes have increased troops attack
What is the main purpose of white blood cells in the human body?	Fighting Infection and disease
Which of these cities in Brazil has hosted the Olympic Games?	Rio de Janeiro
In which year did Alexander Fleming discover penicillin?	1928
Which of the following countries is located entirely in the Northern Hemisphere?	None of these answers are correct
Which of these countries does the Prime Meridian pass through?	Mali
Which of the following accurately describes the Arctic Circle	Polar Day and Polar Night are phenomenons that occur there
Which of the following is NOT one of Matilda of Flanders' skills?	Celtic Blood
Which of the following is NOT one of Mulan's skills?	Indomitable Army
Which country was the first to invent perfume?	Cyprus
What's the primary cause of the formation of the Himalayas?	Collision between plates
In Greek mythology, what is the Goddess Eos known as?	Goddess of the Dawn
Which god is Taranis in Celtic mythology?	Thunder God
During China's Warring States Period, which state defeated the other six and built the unified Chinese empire?	Qin
What is the primary cause of karst landforms?	The dissolution of soluble rocks
The Bastille, a prison once located in the center of Paris, France, originally served what purpose?	Defensive fortress
Which of the following doctors was the first to describe completely, and in detail, the systemic circulation and the function of the heart?	William Harvey
Which country was Marco Polo, a famous explorer and merchant, born in?	Republic of Venice
Where was the World Heritage Terracotta Army found?	In a royal mausoleum
serval	Africa
karst landform cause	dissolution of soluble rocks
Which one of these animals does NOT lay eggs?	Bat
Apart from "Times You Can Be Helped" and "Power", which of the following Alliance Center parameters can also be upgraded?	Reinforcement Troop Capacity
Apart from "Number of Scouts" and "Power", which of the following Scout Camp parameters can also be upgraded?	Scout March Speed and Exploration Range
What does alliance skill "nature's gift" do?	Summon resources point in a selected area (cannot be used in the lost kingdom)
Which of these two were created by Leonardo da Vinci?	The Last Supper, Mona Lisa
What is the root cause of altitude sickness ?	Rapid exposure to low amounts of oxygen at high elevation
Which of the following buildings cannot be upgraded?	Courier Station
What does alliance skill "fully loaded" do?	Increases alliance members' gathering speed for one type of resource.
Which technology comes before Swordsman?	Iron Working
Which of the following best describes a Clownfish?	Tropical marine fish
Which technology comes before Pavise?	Bodkin Arrows
Which technology comes right before Heavy Cavalry?	Scale Armor
In ancient Egypt, which of the following was NOT a privilege of being a 'Scribe'?	Exempt from paying medical expenses if sick
Which of the following wasn't a benefit from being a Scribe of Ancient Egypt?	Except from medical paid sick lead
How was the Gutenberg Bible put into mass production?	Movable type printing press
In which year was the Napoleonic Code established?	1804
Which Dutch Scientist is know as "the father of microbiology"?	Antonie van Leeuwenhoek
In which country was the famed revolutionary and military strategist Simón Bolívar born?	Venezuela
Where is the Capital of Scotland?	Edinburgh
Since its founding in 1863, how many times has the International Comittee of the Red Cross won the Nobel Peace Prize?	3
The novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms begins near the end of which Chinese dynsasty?	Han
In Which theater was Beethoven's Symphony No.5 in C Minor debuted in 1808?	The Theater and der Wien
In Morse code, what is the length in dots between two words?	7
Who was the last emperor of the Holy Roman Empire?	Francis II
After a Venus Flytrap catches an insect, how does it digest and absorb the prey?	The inner flaps of the leaves secrete a digestive fluid
Of the following, which is most likely to have directly led to the Bronze Age?	Bronze is harder and more durable than other metals available at the time.
Which of the following is an economic building?	Alliance Center
Which of the following awards daily activity points?	Defeating barbarian troops on the map
Which of the following cities was the first to have an underground rapid transit system?	London
Why was British nurse Florence Nightingale known as "The Lady with the Lamp"?	She would inspect patients at night
Who was the first King of Italy after its unification in 1861?	Victor Emmanuel II
Which title did Pierre de Coubertin, founder of the International Olympic Committee, hold ?	Baron
In which year was the first Wimbledon Tennis Championship held?	1877
Which of the following is the world's first national park?	Yellowstone National Park
In which country was Carlsberg Group, a leading brewer, founded in 1847?	Denmark
What's does the "Skillful Craftsman" alliance skill do when used?	Greatly increases alliance flag construction speed.
How many reward chests are awarded for reaching 60 daily activity points?	3
Which of the following structures is a military building?	Scout Camp
What are the dimensions of the fog cleared by a Kingdom Map item?	10x10
What caused the death of Pericles?	A plague.
What are the wind-shaped cones of tornadoes famous for?	Spinning
How long does the item Builder Recruitment last?	2 days
At which VIP level do you permanently unlock a second building queue?	Level 6
How many times can you receive alliance help if your alliance center is level 25?	30
During which emperor's reign was the Roman Colosseum completed?	Titus
Elder brother of Zeus	Poseidon
What is the default rallied troop capacity when your castle is level 25?	2 million
How many separate khanates or empires had the Mongol Empire fractured into by the time of Kublai's death in 1294?	4
Who initiated the first Salt March?	Mahatma Gandhi
Held in 1929, how long did the first Academy Awards ("Oscars") ceremony take?	15 minutes
The zeppelin was invented by engineers from which country?	Germany
On its tragic maiden voyage, what was the Titanic's intended destination?	New York
What did Theodorus van Gogh, the younger brother of famed Dutch painter Vincent Van Gogh, do for a living?	Art Dealer
In what year did Einstein publish his four Annus Mirabilis ("Miracle Papers")?	1905
Which two oceans does the Panama Canal connect?	The Pacific and Atlantic Oceans
For which disease did Edward Jenner, known as the father of immunology, develop a vaccine ?	Smallpox
Which of the following is a decorative building?	Stone Drum
What was Belisarius nickname?	The last of romans
How many VIP points can you buy with 200 gems?	200
What caused the death of the outstanding statesmen and military strategist, Pericles?	A plague
Which of the following is most likely to have directly led to the bronze age?	Bronze is harder and more durable than other metals available at the time
Which Pharaoh ordered the construction of the Abu Simbel temples?	Ramesses II
Which of the following did NOT occur during the Greco-Persian Wars?	The Battle of Agincourt
Which script was the Code of Hammurabi engraved onto stone in?	Cuneiform
According to the tale of the She-wolf in Roman mythology, what came of the twins she nurtured, Romulus and Remus?	Romulus became the founder and the first king of Rome
Which modern-day city was Shakespeare's Globe Theater built in?	London
How much will an Enhanced Attack (Advanced) item increase your attack?	10%
What were the men and women hiding from on the outskirts of Florence in the novella collection "The Decameron"?	The Black Plague
What was the famous speech by Otto von Bismarck regarding in 1862?	Blood and Iron
Why was the dead sea given this name?	The high-saline water prevents plants and animals from thriving near it.
Who was the only US President that served more than 2 terms?	Franklin D. Roosevelt
What does the word "Formua" in "Formula 1 Racing" refer to?	The rules which participating cars must follow
What is the world's oldest film festival?	Venice Film Festival
Edward VIII became King of England in January 1936. Later in the same year, in which month did he give up the throne?	December
Who initiated the first Salt March?	Mahatma Gandhi
Who was the first astronaut to enter outer space?	Yuri Gagarin
Which of the following were born in the same year as singer Luciano Pavarotti?	Elvis Presley
In which UK city were The Beatles founded in 1960?	Liverpool
Edward VIII became King of England in January 1936. Later in the same year, in which month did he give up the throne?	December
Which script was the Code of Hammurabi engraved onto stone in?	Cuneiform
Which commander showed their military genius in the Battle of Tours in the 8th century AD?	Charles Martel
According to the tale of the She-wolf in Roman mythology, what came of the twins she nurtured, Romulus and Remus?	Romulus became the founder and first King of Rome
What were the men and women hiding from on the outskirts of Florence in the novella collection 'The Decameron'?	The Black Plague
Which of the following speeches was made by the Prussian Prime Minister Otto von Bismarck in September of 1862?	Blood and Iron
Which civilization gives a 5% attack bonus to cavalry units?	Germany
How much will an Enhanced Gathering item increase your gathering speed?	50%
The novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms begins near the end of which Chinese Dynasty	Han
Who was the founder of the Edo Bakufu of Japan?	Tokugawa Ieyasu
What is the duration of the Builder Recruitment item?	2 days
Which modern-day city was Shakespeare's Globe Theater built in?	London
Which of the following stories is not one of Grimms' Fairy Tale?	The Little Mermaid
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?	Marie Curie
Which Chinese dynasty did Jiang Ziya help to establish?	The Zhou Dynasty
Which two cities does Portugal's Dom Luis Bridge connect?	Porta, Vila Nova de Gaia
What was the original purpose of the Great Pyramid of Giza?	Pharoah Khufu's tomb
Which if the following buffs can take effect during Sunset Canyon battles?	Buffs from equipment
What was the regnal name of the last emperor of China's Qing Dynasty?	Xuantong
Which of the following works is based on the Battle of Roncevaux Pass, fought by Charlemagne and his knights?	The Song of Roland
What is the only known short-period comet that is regularly visible to the naked eye from Earth?	Halley's Comet
In Norse mythology, who does the hammer Mjolnir belong to?	Thor
Which philosopher wrote "Utopia"?	Plato
Lactose intolerance is caused by a shortage of what?	Lactase
Why were the bow and stern of Viking longboats designed to be symmetrical?	To reverse direction quickly without a turn around
In 1998, the 16th FIFA World Cup was held in which country?	France
Which country is Catalhoyuk (Çatalhöyük) located in?	Turkey
In Ark of Osiris, how many teleports does the first alliance to occupy an obelisk earn?	8
French National Day is on July 14 in order to coincide with which historical event?	Storming of the Bastille
Which of the following is not a natural resource?	Clothes
The Throwing Axeman is which civilization's special unit?	France
Elbe day was the meeting of which two armies during World War II?	USA, USSR
Which of the following was written by Mary Shelley?	Frankenstein
Who were the first mountaineer(s) on record to reach the summit of Mt.Everest?	Tenzing Norgay and Edmund Hilary
What is the default transportation capacity if your trading post is Level 25?	5 million
Broccoli is rich in which Vitamin?	Vitamin C
Which school of thought was founded by the Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu?	Taoism
On which continent did the serval first live?	Africa
Who gave the famous "I Have a Dream" speech?	Martin Luther King Jr.
In RoK, the Throwing Axeman is which civilization's special unit	France
Which of the following was written by Mary Shelley?	Frankenstein
National emblem of Ireland	Harp
During which season are nights relatively short and days relatively long?	Summer
Which of the following civilizations increase the damage of active commander skills by 5%?	Ottomans
In which gallery is the Mona Lisa currently held?	The Louvre
Who authored the novel "No Longer Human"?	Osamu Dazai
Who is the 'god of love' in Norse mythology?	Freyja
The "American Dream" is rooted in which of these documents?	The Declaration of Independence
The "Independence March" is the national anthem of which country?	Turkey
Which school of painting would Georges Seurat be a representative of?	Pointillism
In which English palace did the "Star Chamber" sit?	Palace of Westminster
Edward VIII became King of England in January 1936. Later in the same year, in which month did he give up the throne?	December
Which of these active skills belongs to Charles Martel?	Immortal Shield
In which year was the first edition of "The Diary of Anne Frank" published?	1947
In which country was the microscope invented?	The Netherlands
Darwin's las book primarily discussed which species' influence on soil?	Earthworms
How many olympic gold medals did African-American Jesse Owens win in 1936?	4
In Norse Mythology, what variety of trees was the World Tree?	Ash
The "El Nino" phenomenon is named after which of these festivals?	Christmas
“Tongwancheng” was the capital of which ethnic group from ancient China?	The Xiongnu
Charles Macintosh crafted a very early version of a raincoat from which material?	Rubber
A decrease in which of the following metrics might indicate increasing nearness to a state of vacuum?	Air pressure
What two countries together made up the "Iberian Union"?	Portugal and Spain
Which of these navigators was the first European to arrive in Brazil?	Pedro Alvares Cabral
Which city defeated Sparta in the “Battle of Leuctra”?	Thebes
To which army did the “Varangian Guard” belong?	The Byzantine army
Which of the following commanders was effectively the ruler of their kingdom, but never officially the head of state?	Charles Martel
Which of these items can NOT be purchased within the Mysterious Merchant’s Boutique?	Passport Page
How long does the "Basic Army Expansion" boost last?	4h
Which civilization offers increased hospital capacity?	Byzantine.
Which of these is NOT considered one of the “Five Good Emperors” of the Nerva-Antonine dynasty of ancient Rome?	Commodus
In which region was the empire of Srivijaya located?	Southeast Asia
Who wrote the opera Carmen?	Georges Bizet
The concept of ‘separation of powers’ comes from which work by Montesquieu?	The Spirit of Law
In which year was the Battle of Guandu?	200
Whose victory was the orchestral work “1812 Overture” composed to ommemorate?	Russian Empire
In which country was the Somme, the most infamous battlefield in World War I, located?	France
Who was the leader of the Western Army during the Battle of Sekigahara, which took place during Japan’s Sengoku period?	Ishida Mitsunari
In the Book of Exodus, who leads the Jewish people to the Promised Land?	Moses
Who did Boudica lead the tribes of Britain in a revolt against?	The Holy Roman Empire
Which country did the famous poet Dante Alighieri come from?	Italy
What is the nationality of Pierre de Fermat, who proposed Fermat’s Last Theorem?	France
How many years are there between each Winter Olympic Games?	4
The Golden Bear Award is given out at which film festival?	Berlin Film Festival
Which of these buildings is NOT one of the New Seven Wonders of the World?	The Palace of Versailles
Who wrote the well-known science fiction series “Dune”	Frank Herbert
What outstanding contribution to science won biologist Karl Landsteiner the Nobel Prize?	Discovering the human blood groups
Which of these effect is NOT caused by Aethelflaed’s skills?	Healing slightly wounded units
Which of the following is NOT a suit in poker?	Winds
In ancient Greek mythology, who was Hermes father?	Zeus
Which of the following inventions did not come about during the first industrial revolution?	Telephone
Who founded the “Spanish Armada”?	Philip II
What is the main ingredient in salt?	Sodium chloride
Who was Plato’s teacher?	Socrates
The Greek alphabet originated from which other writing system?	Phoenician
Which commander’s active skill can inflict silence	Hermann
Which of the following is the correct description for the stratosphere?	It is warm above and cold below
What useful tool did famed carpenter Lu Ban invent?	The saw
Pandas have 5 clawed toes on as well as a sixth digit. What do pandas use their sixth digit for?	To hold bamboo while eating.
What is the capital of the Republic of Chile?	Santiago
Which of the below figures were not Knights of King Arthur’s Round Table?	Merlin
Which of these is not an ancient civilization of the Americas?	The Sumerians
How long did the Hundred Years war last?	116 years
Which artist painted the world-famous “Girl with a Pearl Earring”?	Johannes Vermeer
Which country did Zarathustra, of the tone poem “Thus Spoke Zarathustra”, come from?	Persia
Which of the following works was written by the French playwright Pierre Corneille?	Le Cid
In ancient Greek mythology, who was the wife of Hades, the king of the underworld?	Persephone
In ROK, the Hwarang is which civilization’s special unit?	Korea
The saying, “The Empire on which the sun never sets” was originally used in reference to which country’s empire?	Spain
What can “Masonry” technology help you to improve?	The building speed of buildings in your city
Which of the following is a military building?	Scout Camp
Who wrote the well-known book “Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind”?	Yuval Noah Harari
Where did reggae music originate?	Jamaica
The Phoenician civilization originated in which part of the world?	The Eastern Mediterranean
Which of these Commanders gets the ability to convert some slain units into severely wounded units when attacking a city?	Charlemagne
What animal is the “Tigris” named after in ancient Greek?	Tiger
Which of these countries did NOT participate in the Northern Seven Years’ War(1563-1570)?	The United Kingdom
Which is the smallest known snake species?	Barbados threadsnake
Who founded the “Malacca Sultanate”?	Parameswara
Which commander is known as “The Immortal Hammer”?	Charles Martel
Where did the final battle between King Arthur and Mordred take place according to Arthurian legend?	Camlann
Which commander is nicknamed “Bow of Revolution”?	Yi Seong Gye
How many troops can governors send with a level 17 City Hall or above?	4
Which of these alliance officers bestows a Research Speed boost?	Counsellor
How many letters are used in today’s version of English?	26
Which of the following civilizations cannot buff their cavalry?	The Ottomans
Which of these items can NOT be obtained by defeating barbarians?	VIP Points
Which year was Soviet Union established?	1922
Who led Kingdom of the Vandals and Alans in Vandalic War?	Belisarius
Who came out the victor of the “Battle of Hastings”?	William the Conqueror
Which of these is the National Flower of India?	Lotus
The “Dragonfly Cutter” was the weapon of choice of which legendary warrior?	Honda Tadakatsu
Who is the patron and protector of Athens in ancient Greek mythology?	Athena
Who “owns” Easter Island?	Chile
Which of the following is NOT a “low country” of Europe?	The United Kingdoms
Who is the mother of Cupid, the baby-faced god of love in Roman mythology?	Venus
Where was Pablo Picasso born?	Iberia
When were bicycles introduced to Europe?	The 19th century
Which commander is reputed to have said “I came, I saw, I conquered”?	Julius Cesar
Which unit gains a strong benefit from Sun Tzu’s Master Strategist’ skill?	Infantry
Which of these commanders gets the ability to convert some slain units?	Charlemagne
Who defeated the Sphinx according to Greek legend?	Oedipus
Which of these alliance officers bestows a Research Speed boost?	Counsellor
Who wrote “Human, All Too Human”?	Nietzsche
In ROK, the Cataphract is which civilization’s special unit?	Byzantium
Where was Napoleon Bonaparte exiled after his defeat at Waterloo?	St. Helena
Which demigod captures Cerberus, the “three-headed hound of Hades”, according to Greek mythology?	Hercules
Which state is home to the Walt Disney Company?	California
What is the name of the Turkish straits that divide Europe from Asia?	The Bosphorus
What is the most abundant element in the earth’s crust?	Oxygen
Who wrote “The Symposium”?	Plato
The military leader Charles Martel was NOT known for which of the following?	Leading cavalry units
How many daily Activity Points do you need in “Lucerne Scrolls” to claim the Daily Gift clue reward?	50
Which of the following is NOT one of Matilda of Flanders’ skills?	Celtic Blood
Who is the “God of War” in ancient Greek mythology?	Ares
What is the largest animal on the planet?	Blue whale
When did the War of Austrian Succession take place?	1740 – 1748
Who is the “God of Death” in ancient Greek mythology?	Thanatos
The Pantheon has been the burial site of many important artists since the Renaissance. Which of the following artists were buried there?	Raphael
In which country were instant noodles first invented?	Japan
Which is the deepest known trench in the world?	The Mariana trench
Which is the longest continental mountain range on earth?	The Andes
Which of the following technologies precedes “Horsemanship”?	Military Discipline
Which military commander was known as “Teutoburg’s Liberator”?	Hermann
What is a light year a measure of?	Distance
The Colossus of Rhodes depicts which god of the sun?	Helios
Which composer wrote the opera “The ring of the Nibelung”?	Wagner
What was the original purpose of the Great Pyramid of Giza?	Pharaoh Khufu’s tomb
What is Julius Caesar’s nickname?	The uncrowned king
Who designed the “Ottoman Cannon”?	Urban
Which country was England fighting during the Battle of Agincourt?	France
What did Che Guevara study in college?	Medicine
Who is responsible for ushering valiant warriors into Valhalla upon death in Norse mythology?	Valkyrie
Who wrote the well-known book “A Brief History of Time”?	Stephen Hawking
Which of these Nobel Prizes was awarded to Marie Curie in 1903?	The Nobel Prize in Physics
Which of these countries is NOT a founding member of NATO (in 1949)?	Turkey
Which of these works of Japanese Monogatari literature describes the legend of “Kaguya-hime”?	The Tale of The Bamboo Cutter
Which of the followong is NOT one of Baybar´s skills?	Thunderous Force
The “Day of the Tiles” is regarded by some historians to mark the beginning of the French Revolution. In what city did it take place?	Grenoble
What benefit does researching “Mathematics” in the Academy provide?	Increased research speed
Who was the first consul of the Roman Republic?	Lucius Junius Brutus
Which continent was the birthplace of Mayan civilization?	The Americas
Who led the Kingdom of Prussia in the Seven Years War?	Frederick II
Which musician composed “The Marriage of Figaro”?	Mozart
Hieroglyphs were part of which country’s formal writing system?	Ancient Egypt
Which of these is one of Minamoto no Yoshitune’s “Active Skill”?	Kyohachiryu
Which commander is commonly regarded as having exemplified the ideal of the “Bushido Spirit”?	Kusunoki Masashige
Which ancient Egyptian pharao’s tomb did British archaeologist Howard Carter discover in 1992?	Tutankhamun
How often is the FIFA World Cup held?	Every 4 years
Queen Guinevere fell in love with which Knight of the Round Table according to Arthurian legend?	Lancelot
Cactus spines are actually a modified form of which other part of the plant?	Leaves
Equipment with special talent bonuses will have their attributes enhanced by what percentage when equipped to a commander with the corresponding talent?	30%
Which of these artists was NOT a Baraque painter?	Vincent Van Gogh
The 1000 point achievement chests includes:	Epic Commander sculpture
“Machu Picchu” is a notable relic of which civilization?	The Incas
Which artist is buried at the Pantheon?	Raphael
Who kills Odin, the king of the gods, during Ragnarok in Norse mythology?	Fenrir
How many items of the same quality should I equip to complete “Ready for battle”?	6
In the Commander View page , what buff do commanders acting as a “Bloodfist Guard” get?	1% Troop health
In what country did the “Battle of Marengo” take place?	Italy
Which emperor was named the “Khan of Heaven” by various Turkic nomads during the Sui and Tang dynasties?	Emperor Taizong of Tang
The “Battle of Las Na vas de Tolosa” was a major turning point in which conflict?	The Reconquista
Who founded the first Persian Empire?	Cyrus the Great
In what era of Chinese history did the “Battle of Fei River” take place where a small number of soldiers conquered a vastly superior force?	The Eastern Jin Dynasty
What race of creatures, mythical or otherwise, lived on Asgard according to Norse myth?	Aesir
Turkish strait crisis divide Europe and Asia	Bosporus
Who founded the Kamakura shogunate?	Minamoto no Yoritomo
Which of the following is not one of the Fates of Norse mythology?	Karma
The epic “Poem of El Cid” originated from which country?	Spain
Legendary commander of the Joseon dynasty, Yi Sun-sin, sacrificed his life in which famous battle?	Battle of Noryang
Which of these is an incorrect description of the “Battle of Poitiers”?	The campaign took place during World War I
Which of these is an incorrect description of the “Mare Imbrium” on the moon?	It contains a certain amount of sedimentary water
Who is the first Italian to receive the “Pritzker Architecture Prize”?	Aldo Rossi
What is the name of the Turkish straits that divide Europe from Asia?	The Strait of Gibraltar
Who founded the "Malacca Sultanate"?	Parameswara
